\documentclass[graybox]{svmult}

% choose options for [] as required from the list
% in the Reference Guide

\usepackage{mathptmx}       % selects Times Roman as basic font
\usepackage{helvet}         % selects Helvetica as sans-serif font
\usepackage{courier}        % selects Courier as typewriter font
\usepackage{type1cm}        % activate if the above 3 fonts are
                            % not available on your system
\usepackage{makeidx}         % allows index generation
\usepackage{multicol}        % used for the two-column index
\usepackage[bottom]{footmisc}% places footnotes at page bottom

%% personal packages
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{macros}

\usepackage{centernot}
\usepackage[textwidth=8em,textsize=small]{todonotes}
\usepackage[ruled,vlined]{algorithm2e}
\usepackage{graphicx}

\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{calc,shapes,backgrounds,arrows,automata,shadows,positioning}
\usepackage{multirow}
\definecolor{mblue}{RGB}{94,135,173}
\colorlet{mred}{red!80!black}

\graphicspath{{./figures/}}

\title{A multiattribute Gaussian graphical model for inference of
  multiscale regulatory network: an application in breast cancer}
\date{\today}
\author{Julien Chiquet, Guillem Rigaill, Martina Sundqvist}

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\section{Introduction}

\todo[inline]{Write the damn thing}

Gaussian Graphical Models (GGMs)
\cite{1996_Book_Lauritzen,whittaker1990graphical} are a very
convenient tool for describing the patterns at play in complex data
sets.  Indeed, through the notion of partial correlation, they provide
a well-studied framework for spotting direct relationships between
variables, and thus reveal the latent structure in a way that can be
easily interpreted. Application areas are very broad and include for
instance gene regulatory network inference in biology (using gene
expression data) as well as spectroscopy, climate studies, functional
magnetic resonance imaging, etc.  Estimation of GGMs in a sparse,
high-dimensional setting has thus received much attention recently.

\todo[inline]{write a paragraph about generalization of GGM towards
  regulatory network inference}

[...]

A deeper generalization of GGM comes by integrating multiple types of
data measured from diverse platforms, what is sometimes referred to as
\emph{horizontal} integration: not only does this means a better
treatment of the heterogeneity of the data, but it also makes the
network reconstruction more robust.

\input{background}

\input{multiGGM}

\input{numerical_study}

\input{applications}

\bibliographystyle{spbasic}
\bibliography{biblio}

\end{document}
